LLM Usage Report:

Tools Used:
ChatGPT: Used for various tasks such as debugging, summarizing, and formatting.
GitHub Copilot: Integrated into VSCode for auto-completion and writing comments.

How I Used ChatGPT:
Simplifying Project Tasks: I used ChatGPT for general assistance with simpler tasks 
throughout the project. One of the key ways it helped was by suggesting which services 
would be simpler to implement in a small-scale project like this. For example, it guided 
me toward using Flask for Service2 due to its lightweight nature and ease of setup.

Debugging Errors: Whenever I encountered errors, especially in handling JSON formatting 
and Docker networking issues, I turned to ChatGPT for quick debugging advice. It helped 
me troubleshoot errors and provided suggestions on how to resolve the problems efficiently.

JSON Formatting: For ensuring proper JSON formatting in the HTTP responses, I used 
ChatGPT to clean up and organize the structure, helping me build well-formed JSON 
responses in both Service1 and Service2.

Summarizing Requirements: I asked ChatGPT to help me summarize the requirements provided 
in the project, which greatly helped me in organizing the project deliverables. It allowed 
me to break down the tasks into smaller, more manageable steps and focus on completing 
them one by one.

README, Findings, and Documentation: Toward the end of the project, I used ChatGPT for 
generating various project documentation files, including the README.md, findings.txt, 
and this llm.txt file. The grammar and formatting of these files were greatly enhanced 
by leveraging ChatGPT, making the project deliverables more polished and professional.

How I Used GitHub Copilot:
Writing Comments and Auto-Completion: In VSCode, I used Copilot to help write comments 
for the code and suggest code improvements. For instance, when I needed to replace 
deprecated methods or find more efficient ways to write certain blocks of code, Copilot 
provided useful suggestions directly in the editor.

Code Modernization: Copilot helped me replace deprecated code segments with the latest 
practices, ensuring that the project used up-to-date technology and syntax, particularly 
in Java.

Collaborative Document Writing: Toward the end, I combined Copilot and ChatGPT to help 
me craft the README, findings.txt, and this llm.txt file. While Copilot offered useful 
code comments and suggestions, ChatGPT provided more refined grammar and structure for 
the project documentation.